## Commit Global

The team behind Commit Global has a robust and celebrated track record in the tech for social good field since 2015. We have built the fastest growing organization in the space, Code for Romania and set it up as a model of good practices on how to design and build technology that helps at scale. Our tools have served governments, UN agencies and large and small CSOs during crisis and peace time. Most recently we have built, deployed and maintained a first of its kind humanitarian ecosystem in support of refugees fleeing from Ukraine, ensuring their safe and uninterrupted access to information, healthcare and services, while equipping UN and governmental agencies as well as NGOs with the tools they need to be more effective.

All throughout our activity we have been one of the champions of cooperation and co-creation in the the civic tech field, constantly investing efforts and resources in working with and supporting the work of similar organizations around the world. As part of these efforts we created, curated and hosted the largest civic tech strategic event in history, the 2018 Code for All Global Summit: a 4 days offline event where hundreds of delegates from all continents exchanged ideas and digital solutions for the benefit of humanity.

Our team is currently maintaining the largest pool of solutions in the tech for social good solutions space. We understand first hand the heavy pressure of keeping critical digital tools alive. That is why we are now choosing to invest all our resources and knowledge in building the global capacity that can lift this burden and unlock the promise of technology for social good.
